nACCHO gosh mr. name is anneka sergeant
rank Sturm Poros muhammara birch 11 dos
kimochi y esto de azúcar supremacist
factions key efficiency history roberta
NK gorgeous Vibhushan is drunk today
patron Mustafa passport activation
awesome Renko Allah Poor's mmmm
in the memory J Wells good to see you
thank you for coming here Robert
Lewandowski that's a very hot name in
Polish German and I say European
football how do you guard everything
that happened to concerning Robert Levin
dusky in German football until now well
until now it's been a dream dream story
really I mean he came from Poland nobody
knew him on a bigger scale in Germany
and he hit it off with Borussia Dortmund
and he's been one of their the main man
when they became German champions and
when they may pushed it to the top and
if you look at him he's like the the
perfect striker he can do anything he
scores goals he can keep the ball he
moves really well he can create space
for its teammate and just looking by him
he seems ultimately very professional so
I don't think you can ask for for a
better story than he he has discovered
in the last few years there is a lot of
rumors about Roberto Levin dusky the
last one is saying that the PSG wanted
to sign him in the wintertime
then we're reading a stories claiming
that Louisville how desperately wants
robert levin dosti in Manchester United
what is your opinion about his position
in Bayern at the moment is it really the
time for him to think about he I need to
move on I need to change something and
go for example doing that or is just you
know it's just a press job
actually yeah I think if you're that big
as Robert Lewandowski there will be
rumors till the end of his career just
you know compared to Leo Messi like six
weeks ago we had rumors that he'd be off
to Chelsea be off to Manchester United
and if you knew a few people at
Barcelona you know it's absolutely
rubbish six weeks later know Messi
scores one goal after the other and
nobody talks about moving I think with
Robert Lewandowski who did well for
Bayern Munich until now he scored 10
goals in 20 games in the season for
Bayern Munich which is it's quite good
but people expect him to score
unbelievable girls so he had a special
maybe three or
for gold said the start after the winter
break where he didn't school but he
didn't play that badly and people are
making up numbers oh maybe he's out of
the club or not no I don't think pep
guardiola or Bayern Munich you know by a
player and want to sell him after half a
year when he's when he's doing well I
think he has everything to stay on it by
Munich four two three four more years
and then then we see did you hear the
theory that Pep Guardiola is killing
number nines what happened with his
Latin Ibrahimovic of course after his
famous book means Latin when he accused
what yellow of killing his football do
you think that this is something that
could happen to live on dusky or it's
just I think it's a very different case
and I think we have to explain the case
of Slaton shortly to to let people know
what really happened
Slaton was bored as a number nine but
during the season Pep Guardiola
discovered in a game against Real Madrid
which they won 6-2 that it could be very
good to play occasionally Leo Messi as a
false number 9 to use him behind you
know the the position of a real striker
and it hit off really well and Leo Messi
wanted to play in this position
so basically Pep Guardiola was forced
into a decision between Slaton
Ibrahimovic and Leo Messi he couldn't
play both of them in the center and he
decided to play Leo there so that's why
Slaton was moved first to the side of a
pitch and then outside the club but this
is nothing with Pep Guardiola not liking
big strikers or something he likes he
realizes that he can't play small
players all over the pitch he uses you
know in the center of defense
Boateng who is a quite a traditional
defender as well and he Pep Guardiola
realized himself that lavond offski is a
better striker than Manchu kitc in the
way he wants to play because he's
keeping the ball better he's passing the
ball better to his teammates maybe he's
not pressuring the opponent that much
like Manchu Kitsch but he's good at the
job so he was quite keen to sign Levin
dusky and he saw him as an improvement
to last year to Machuca CH and also his
levin dosti is much more professional
the way he deals with criticism here the
way he deals with technical devices from
the coach
Justin Manchu kitsch so I think from
what I've heard from system manager Pep
Guardiola they're very very happy with
Robert